Aadil Shaikh - anshaikh - get2aadil

1. I am grateful to God and my parents 
2. In past I had a cat 
3. I usually lie to hide the truth 

Chirag Dhamange - I love cats                                                             (Correct)
Kimiya Sawant - I have never fainted in my life                                           
Rishabh Goyal - I like swimming and gyming and I can swim longest part of pool in one go  
Rutvik Yamkanmardi - I got my brases stuck when I tried to kiss a person                  (Correct)

Kimaya Sawant - kdsawant - KimayaSawant

1. I have traveled to the 2 extreme tips of India.
2. I have done deep scuba diving and exlpored the aquatic floras and faunas.
3. I have never fainted in my entire life.

Adil Shaikh -    He usually lies to hide truth
Chirag Dhamange - He loves exercising
Rishab Goyal    - He spent 10 hrs everyday on learning C++
Rutvik Yamkanmardi - He took credit for a birthday present he never planned on

Rutvik Yamkanmardi - rayamkanmardi - raymardi27

1. I tripped a boy in UKG so I could end up as the dance partner of my crush
2. I got my braces stuck while kissing
3. I took credit for planning a birthday gift in which I had no hand in planning

Aadil  Shaikh  :  Had a cat in the past             True
Rishabh Goyal  :  Top 3 in college 		    		False	
Kimaya Sawant  :  I have Deep sea scuba diving      False
Chirag Dhamange:  I love cats                       False

Rishabh Goya - rgoyal - rrishabh1309

1. I was in top 3 during my undergrad in terms of overall percent.
2. I grilled myself a lot while learning and understanding the concept of c++ even for 10 hours a day apart from abbas class.
3. I like swimming and zym and I can swim longest part of the swimming pool in one breath.

Adil Shaikh
1. Usually lie to hide the truth (correct)

Rutvik Yamkanmardi
1. I took credit for planning a birthday gift 

Chirag Dhamange
1. I love cat (correct) 

Kimaya Sawant
1. Never fainted


Chirag Dhamange - cdhamange - Diamagnetic

I love cycling
I love cats
I love exercising

Aadil Shaikh: I had a cat in my past
Kimaya Sawant: I have never fainted in my life
Rishabh Goyal: I like swimming and gym and I can wim the longest part in one go
Rutvik Yamkanmardi: I got my braces stuck while kissing